Initial overview based `llm.txt` file (#913)
estuary/marketing-site: static/llms.txt

Reviewer: Probably a link to our slack would make sense:
- [Community Forum / Slack link] – join 1,000+ members engaged in real‑time data engineering.

Maybe LLM specific guides?

## Documentation & Guides
- [Getting Started with Real‑Time Pipelines](https://estuary.dev/blog/modern-data-stack-LLMs): Learn how Estuary integrates LLMs with real‑time data pipelines:contentReference[oaicite:6]{index=6}.
- [Use Cases for LLM Applications](https://estuary.dev/blog/real-time-data-use-cases-llm-applications): Seven concrete, high-impact LLM integration patterns powered by streaming context:contentReference[oaicite:7]{index=7}.

# Estuary Flow Overview

> > Estuary (https://estuary.dev/) helps teams sync data in real-time across systems like databases, warehouses, and SaaS tools using a streaming-first approach. Estuary Flow, supports streaming change data capture (CDC), powerful SQL/TypeScript transformations, and scalable pipelines with exactly-once guarantees.

Reviewer 2: Do we need this comma after "Estuary Flow" in "Estuary Flow, supports..."?

> > Estuary (https://estuary.dev/) helps teams sync data in real-time across systems like databases, warehouses, and SaaS tools using a streaming-first approach. Estuary Flow, supports streaming change data capture (CDC), powerful SQL/TypeScript transformations, and scalable pipelines with exactly-once guarantees.

Reviewer 2: Do we need this comma after "Estuary Flow" in "Estuary Flow, supports..."?

## Getting Started Fast

If you're new to Estuary Flow, we recommend starting at any of these resources after you sign up for free at https://dashboard.estuary.dev/register :

1. **Watch a quick introduction**: [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOj77vFrx3U)
2. **Start a free trial**: [Start a free trial](https://dashboard.estuary.dev/register)
3. **Try out `flowctl` locally**: [Guide](https://docs.estuary.dev/guides/get-started-with-flowctl/)
4. **Create your first dataflow**: [Guide](https://docs.estuary.dev/guides/create-dataflow/)

## Company

- [About](https://estuary.dev/about/)
- [Community](https://estuary.dev/community/)
- [Contact](https://estuary.dev/contact-us/)
- [Pricing](https://estuary.dev/pricing/)
- [Privacy policy](https://estuary.dev/privacy-policy/)
- [Product Overview](https://estuary.dev/product/)
- [Register](https://dashboard.estuary.dev/register)
- [Security Overview](https://estuary.dev/security/)
- [Terms of Service](https://estuary.dev/terms/)

## Blog Posts

- [Estuary’s backstory and vision](https://estuary.dev/blog/the-estuary-story-and-guiding-principles/)
- [Estuary blog post tutorials](https://estuary.dev/blog/tutorial/)

> 

Author: Added both - does not seem like it will hurt anything.

# Estuary Flow Overview

> Estuary (https://estuary.dev/) helps teams sync data in real-time across systems like databases, warehouses, and SaaS tools using a streaming-first approach. Estuary Flow, supports streaming change data capture (CDC), powerful SQL/TypeScript transformations, and scalable pipelines with exactly-once guarantees.

## Key Features
- **Real-time and batch**: Connect apps, analytics, and AI using 100s of streaming CDC,
                real-time, and batch no-code connectors built by Estuary for
                speed and scale.
- **Many to many**: Move data from many sources to collections, then to many
                destinations all at once. Share and reuse data across projects,
                or replace sources and destinations without impacting others.

> - **Backfill and replay**: Reuse collections to backfill destinations enabling fast and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Flexible Deployments**: Estuary provides flexible deployment options, SaaS, BYOC, or Private/Hybrid, delivering the same real-time capabilities and connector ecosystem while ensuring performance, security, and compliance across any environment.
- **Backfill and replay**: Reuse collections to backfill destinations enabling fast and
```

                effective one-to-many distribution, streaming transformations
                and time travel, at any time.
- **Many More**: [Key Features listed on the product overview](https://estuary.dev/product/)

## Getting Started Fast

> If you're new to Estuary Flow, we recommend starting here:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you're new to Estuary Flow, we recommend starting at any of these resources after you sign up for free at https://dashboard.estuary.dev/register:
```
